README.md, before:

# Example for release please

[![Release Please](https://github.com/vergissberlin/example-release-please/actions/workflows/release-please.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/vergissberlin/example-release-please/actions/workflows/release-please.yml)

This is an example repository for [release-please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please).

## 📝 Release notes

- This ist an very important fix
- And another important fix here
- We are not done yet. How about combining multiple commits in one pull request?
- If we have multiple commits?
- It would be nice even with docs
- Docs was not visible, whats about a fix after creation of the pull request?
- Do I have to mention the PR number in the commit message?
- I see, it automatically adds the fixes to the existing pull requests. That's nice!
- And add a fix to the feature super branch?
- I like that fixes
- Add new feature for testing
- And one more feature
- Okay, one more!
- Make it work please!
- Super duper

## 🐣 Features

- Create a release pull request
- Add a label to the pull request
- Creates release notes
- Creates CHANGELOG.md

### Custom features

- I just added a new feature in a feature branch. Let's see what happens.

## 📘 Documentation

- How to implement GitHub Action with "Relase Please" [https://github.com/google-github-actions/release-please-action]
- How to configure [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please)

Commit message:

docs(README.md): add section about example web application in the repository

README.md, after:

# Example for release please

[![Release Please](https://github.com/vergissberlin/example-release-please/actions/workflows/release-please.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/vergissberlin/example-release-please/actions/workflows/release-please.yml)

This is an example repository for [release-please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please).

## 📝 Release notes

- This ist an very important fix
- And another important fix here
- We are not done yet. How about combining multiple commits in one pull request?
- If we have multiple commits?
- It would be nice even with docs
- Docs was not visible, whats about a fix after creation of the pull request?
- Do I have to mention the PR number in the commit message?
- I see, it automatically adds the fixes to the existing pull requests. That's nice!
- And add a fix to the feature super branch?
- I like that fixes
- Add new feature for testing
- And one more feature
- Okay, one more!
- Make it work please!
- Super duper

## 🐣 Features

- Create a release pull request
- Add a label to the pull request
- Creates release notes
- Creates CHANGELOG.md

## Example App

This repository comes with a example weg application. It is included in the `app` folder.

### Custom features

- I just added a new feature in a feature branch. Let's see what happens.

## 📘 Documentation

- How to implement GitHub Action with "Relase Please" [https://github.com/google-github-actions/release-please-action]
- How to configure [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please)
